Astro 1/30 release notes (#3346)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## January 30, 2024

### New messages for Deployment health status

<HostedBadge/>

:::warning

> This feature is in [Private Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews). Please reach out to your customer success manager to enable this feature.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is in [Public Preview](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/feature-previews).
```

:::

Astro now automatically monitors Deployments and notifies you when a Deployment isn't running as expected, such as when it can't detect a heartbeat in a scheduler. These notifications, known as Deployment incidents, appear in your Deployment's health status in the Cloud UI.

See [Deployment health incidents](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deployment-health-incidents) to learn more about each available incident type and how to address them.

![An example of an incident message in a Deployment health status](/img/release-notes/incident-unfurl.png)

### Additional improvements 

- You can now access [Ask Astro](https://ask.astronomer.io/) from the Cloud UI **Help** menu:

>     ![The support menu, accessed using the Help button in the top menu of the Cloud UI](/img/docs/release-notes/ask-astro.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![The support menu, accessed using the Help button in the top menu of the Cloud UI](/img/release-notes/ask-astro.png)
```

I think this will fix the build error
